the  fultoncounty  grandjury  said  friday  an  investigationof  atlanta's  recent  primary  election  produced  ``  noevidence  ''  thatany  irregularities  tookplace  .  thejury  further  said  interm  -  end  present  mentsthat  thecity  executive  committee  ,  whichhad  over-all  charge  oftheelection  ,  ``  deserves  the  praise  and  thanks  ofthecity  ofatlanta  ''  for  themannerinwhich  theelection  was  conducted.  the  september  -  october  term  jury  hadbeen  chargedby  fulton  superiorcourt  judged  ur  wood  p  ye  toinvestigate  reportsof  possible  ``  irregularities  ''  inthe  hard-  fought  primary  whichwasw  onby  mayor  -  nominate  iv  an  allenjr.  .  ``  onlya  relative  handfulof  such  reports  was  received  ''  ,  thejury  said  ,  ``  consideringthe  widespread  interestin  theelection  ,  thenumberof  v  otersand  thesizeof  thisc  ity''  .  thejurysaid  itdid  find  thatmanyof  georgia's  registration  and  election  laws  ``  are  out  mode  do  rinadequate  andoften  ambiguous''  .  it  recommended  that  fulton  legislators  act  ``  tohavethes  elaws  studied  and  revised  t  otheendof  moderniz  ing  andimprov  ingthem''  .  the  grandjury  commented  on  anumberof  other  topic  s  ,  amongthem  theatlanta  and  fultoncounty  purchasing  departments  whichit  said  ``  arewell  operated  andfollow  generally  accepted  practices  whichin  ureto  thebestinterest  ofboth  government  s''  .  merger  proposed  however  ,  thejurysaid  i  tbelieves  ``  thesetwo  office  sshouldbe  combined  toachieve  greater  efficiency  and  reduce  thecostof  administration  ''  .  thecity  purchasing  department  ,  thejury  said  ,  ``  is  lackingin  experienced  clerical  personnel  asaresultof  city  personnel  policies''  .  it  urged  thatthecity  ``  take  stepsto  remedy  ''  thisproblem  .  implementationof  georgia's  automobile  title  law  wasalso  recommend  edbythe  outgoing  jury  .  i  tur  ged  that  thenext  legislature  ``  provide  enabling  funds  andre  -  set  theeffective  date  sothat  anorderly  implementationof  thelaw  maybe  effect  ed''  .  the  grandjury  tooka  swi  pe  atthestate  welfare  department's  handlingof  federalfunds  granted  for  child  welfare  services  in  foster  homes.  ``  thisis  oneofthe  majorit  em  sinthe  fultoncounty  general  assistance  program  ''  ,  thejurysaid  ,  but  thestate  welfare  department  ``  hasseen  fit  to  distribute  these  fundsthroughthe  welfare  departments  ofallthe  counties  inthestate  withtheexceptionof  fultoncounty  ,  which  receives  noneofth  i  smoney  .  thejurors  said  they  realize  ``  a  proportionate  distribution  ofthese  funds  might  disable  thisprogram  inour  less  popul  ous  counties  ''  .nevertheless  ,  ``  we  feelthat  inthefuture  fultoncounty  should  receive  some  portionofthes  eavailable  funds  ''  ,  thejuror  ssaid.  ``  failure  todothis  willcontinueto  place  a  dis  proportionate  burden  ''  on  fulton  taxpayers  .  thejury  also  comment  edonthe  fulton  ordinary's  court  whichhasbeen  underfire  forits  practices  inthe  appointmentof  apprais  ers  ,  guardian  sand  administrator  sand  the  a  ward  ingoffe  esand  compensation  .  wards  protected  thejurysaid  i  tfound  thecourt  ``  has  incorporated  intoits  operating  procedures  the  recommendations  ''  oftwo  previous  grandjur  ies  ,  the  atlanta  ba  rassociation  and  aninter  im  citizens  committee.  ``  the  seactions  should  serve  toprotect  infact  and  ineffect  thecourt's  ward  sfrom  undu  ecosts  andits  appointed  and  elected  servants  fromun  meri  torious  criticism  s''  ,  thejury  said.  regarding  atlanta'snew  multi-  million  -  dollar  airport  ,  thejury  recommended  ``  thatwhen  thenew  management  take  scharge  jan.1  theairport  be  operated  inamanner  thatwill  eliminate  political  influence  s''  .  thejury  didnot  elaborate  ,  butit  added  that  ``  thereshouldbe  periodic  surveillance  ofthepr  ic  ing  practices  ofthe  concessionaires  forthepurposeof  keepingthe  prices  reasonable  ''  .  ask  jail  deputies  onother  matters  ,  thejury  recommended  that  :  (1)  four  additional  deputies  beemployed  atthe  fultoncounty  jail  and  ``  a  doctor  ,  medical  intern  or  extern  beemployed  for  nightand  weekend  duty  atthe  jail  ''  .  (  2  )  fulton  legislators  ``  workwith  city  officials  topass  enabling  legislation  thatwill  permit  theestablishmentof  a  fairandequitable  ''  pensionplan  for  city  employes.  thejury  praised  theadministration  and  operationofthe  atlanta  polic  edepartment  ,  the  fulton  tax  commissioner  'soffice  ,  thebell  woodand  alpha  ret  ta  prison  farm  s  ,  grad  yhospital  and  the  fulton  health  department  .  mayor  williamb  .  hartsfield  filed  suit  for  divorce  from  hiswife  ,  pearl  williams  hartsfield  ,  in  fulton  superiorcourt  friday  .  his  petition  charged  mental  cruelty  .  the  couple  wasmarried  aug.  2,  1913  .  theyhave  ason  ,  william  berryjr.  ,  and  a  daughter  ,  mrs.  j.m.  chesh  i  reof  griffin  .  attorney  sforthe  mayor  said  that  a  namic  ableproperty  settlement  hasbeen  agreedupon.  the  petition  listed  themayor's  occupation  as  ``  attorney  ''  andhis  age  as  71  .  it  listed  hiswife's  age  as  74  and  place  ofbirth  asope  lik  a  ,  al  a  .  .  thepetition  said  thatthe  couple  hasnot  lived  together  asman  andwife  formorethan  a  year.  the  hartsfield  home  is  at  6  37  e  .pelhamrd  .  aj.  henryl.  bowden  was  list  edonthe  petition  as  themayor's  attorney  .  hartsfield  hasbeen  mayor  ofatlanta  ,  with  exceptionof  on  ebrief  interlude  ,  since  1937  .  hispolitical  career  goesbackto  his  electionto  citycouncil  in  192  3.  themayor's  present  term  of  office  exp  i  res  jan.1  .  he  willbe  succeededby  iv  an  allenjr.  ,  whobecame  a  candidate  inthe  sept.  13  primary  after  mayor  hartsfield  announced  that  hewouldnotr  unfor  reelection  .  georgia  republicans  aregetting  strong  encouragement  toenter  a  candidate  inthe  1962  governor'sr  ace  ,  a  top  official  said  wednesday  .roberts  nod  grass  ,  stategop  chairman  ,  said  a  meeting  held  tuesdaynight  in  blueridge  brought  enthusiastic  responses  fromthe  audience.  state  party  chairman  jamesw  .  dorse  y  added  that  enthusiasm  was  pickingup  fora  state  rallyto  beheld  sept.  8  insavanna  hatwhich  newly  elected  texass  en  .  johnt  ower  willbethe  featured  speaker  .  inthe  blueridge  meeting  ,  theaudience  wasw  arned  that  entering  a  candidatefor  governor  would  force  i  ttotake  petitions  outinto  voting  precincts  toobtain  thesign  aturesof  registered  voters  .despitethe  warning  ,  therewasa  unanimous  vote  toenter  a  candidate  ,  accordingto  republicans  whoattend  ed.  when  thecrowdwasasked  whetherit  wanted  to  wait  onemore  term  tomakether  ace  ,  it  voted  no  --and  therewereno  diss  ents.  thelargesth  urd  le  therepublicans  wouldhaveto  face  is  a  statelaw  which  saysthat  before  makinga  first  race  ,  oneoftw  oalternative  courses  mustbetaken  :1  five  percentofthe  voters  ineach  county  must  sign  petition  srequest  ingthatthe  republicans  beallowed  to  place  namesof  candidates  on  thegeneral  election  ballot  ,  or  2  therepublican  smust  hold  a  primary  underthe  county  unit  system  --a  systemwhich  theparty  oppose  sinits  platform  .sam  cal  dwell  ,  state  highway  department  publicrelations  director  ,  r  esigned  tuesday  towork  forlt.gov.garlandbyrd's  campaign  .  cald  well's  resignation  hadbeen  expected  forsometime  .  he  willbe  succeededby  roble  dfor  dof  gaine  sville  ,  whohasbeen  an  assistant  morethanthreeyears.  whenthe  gubernatorial  campaign  starts  ,  caldwell  isexpected  to  becomea  campaign  coordinat  orfor  by  rd.  the  georgia  legislature  will  windup  its  1961  session  monday  andhead  forhome  --  where  someofthe  highwaybondmoney  i  tapproved  will  follow  shortly  .  before  adjournment  monday  afternoon  ,  thesenate  isexpected  to  approve  a  studyof  thenumberof  legislators  allotted  tor  uraland  urbanareas  todetermine  what  adjustment  sshouldbe  made.  gov.  vandiver  isexpected  to  make  thetraditional  visitto  both  chamber  sasthey  work  toward  adjournment  .  vandiver  likely  will  mention  the  $10  0  million  highway  bondissue  approved  earlier  inthes  essiona  shisfirst  priority  i  tem.  construction  bonds  meanwhile  ,  itwas  learned  thestate  highway  department  isvery  near  being  readyto  issue  thefirst  $30  millionworthof  highway  reconstruction  bonds.  the  bondissue  will  gotothe  statecourt  sfora  friendlyt  est  suit  totest  thevalidityof  theact  ,  and  then  thesales  willbegin  and  contracts  le  tfor  repair  workon  someof  georgia's  most  heavily  traveled  highways  .  a  highway  department  source  said  the  realso  is  a  plan  thereto  issue  some  $3  millionto  $4  millionworthof  ruralroads  authority  bonds  for  ruralroad  construction  work.  are  volving  fund  thedepartment  apparently  intend  stomakethe  ruralroads  authority  are  volving  fund  underwhich  new  bonds  wouldbe  issued  everytime  a  portionofthe  oldon  esare  paid  offby  tax  authorities  .  vandiver  openedhis  racefor  governor  in  1958  witha  battle  in  thelegislature  againstthe  issuanceof  $50  millionworthof  additional  ruralroads  bonds  propos  edbythen  gov.marvingriffin.  the  highway  department  source  told  the  constitution  ,  however  ,  that  vandiver  hasnotbeen  consulted  ye  taboutthe  plansto  issue  thenew  ruralroads  bonds.sch  le  ycounty  rep.  b.d  .pelham  will  offer  a  resolution  monday  inthehouse  toresc  ind  the  body's  actionof  friday  in  voting  itself  a  $10  perday  increasein  expense  allowances  .pelham  said  sundaynight  therewas  research  beingdone  on  whetherthe  ``  quick  i  e''  vote  onthe  increase  canbe  repea  ledout  right  orwhether  notice  wouldhaveto  first  begiven  that  reconsider  ationofthe  action  wouldbes  ought.  while  emphasiz  ingthat  technical  details  werenot  fully  workedout  ,  pel  ham  said  his  resolution  wouldseek  to  setaside  theprivilege  resolution  which  thehouse  vo  ted  through  87  -  31.  asimilar  resolution  passed  in  thesenate  bya  vote  of  29  -  5.  a  sof  sundaynight  ,  therewasno  wordof  a  resolution  being  offered  there  toresc  ind  the  action  .pelham  pointedoutthat  georgia  voters  last  november  rejected  a  constitutional  amendment  toallow  legislators  tovote  onpay  raise  sforfuture  legislature  sessions  .  a  veteran  jackson  county  legislator  will  ask  thegeorgia  house  monday  tob  