the  fultoncounty  grand  jury  said  friday  an  investigationof  atlanta's  recent  primary  election  produced  ``  noevidence  ''  thatany  irregularities  took  place  .  thejury  further  said  interm  -  end  present  mentsthat  thecity  executive  committee,whichhad  over-all  charge  oftheelection  ,``  deserves  the  praise  and  thanks  ofthecity  ofatlanta  ''  for  themannerin  which  theelection  was  conducted.the  september  -  october  term  jury  had  been  charged  by  fulton  superiorcourt  judged  ur  wood  p  y  e  toinvestigate  reportsof  possible  ``  irregularities  ''  inthe  hard-  f  ought  primary  which  was  w  on  by  mayor  -  nominat  e  iv  an  allenjr.  .``  onlya  relative  handfulof  such  reports  was  received  '',  thejury  said,``  consideringthe  widespread  interestin  theelection  ,  thenumberof  v  o  tersand  thesizeof  thisc  ity''.  thejurysaid  itdid  find  thatmanyof  georgia's  registration  and  election  laws  ``  are  out  mode  d  o  r  inadequate  andoften  ambiguous''.it  recommended  that  fulton  legislators  act  ``  tohavethe  s  elaws  studied  and  revised  t  o  theendof  moderniz  ing  andimprov  ingthem''.the  grand  jury  commented  on  anumberof  other  topic  s,  amongthem  theatlanta  and  fultoncounty  purchasing  departments  whichit  said  ``  arewell  operated  andfollow  generally  accepted  practices  whichin  ureto  thebestinterest  ofboth  government  s''.  merger  proposed  however,  thejurysaid  i  t  believes  ``  thesetwo  office  sshould  be  combined  toachieve  greater  efficiency  and  reduce  thecostof  administration  ''.  thecity  purchasing  department,thejury  said,``i  s  lackingin  experienced  clerical  personnel  asaresultof  city  personnel  policies''.it  urged  thatthecity  ``  take  stepsto  remedy  ''  thisproblem  .  implementationof  georgia's  automobile  title  l  a  w  wasalso  recommend  ed  bythe  outgoing  jury.  i  tur  g  ed  that  thenext  legislature  ``  provide  enabling  funds  andre  -  set  theeffective  d  ate  sothat  anorderly  implementationof  thelaw  maybe  effect  ed''.the  grand  jury  tooka  swi  p  e  atthestate  welfare  department's  handlingof  federalfunds  granted  for  child  welfare  services  in  foster  homes.``thisis  oneofthe  majorit  em  sinthe  fultoncounty  general  assistance  program  '',  thejurysaid  ,but  thestate  welfare  department  ``  hasseen  f  it  t  o  distribute  these  fundsthroughthe  welfare  departments  ofallthe  counties  inthestate  withtheexceptionof  fultoncounty,which  receive  s  noneofth  i  s  money.  thejuror  s  said  they  realize  ``  a  proportionate  distribution  ofthese  funds  might  disable  thisprogram  inour  less  popul  ous  counties  ''  .nevertheless,``we  feelthat  inthefuture  fultoncounty  should  receive  some  portionofthe  s  eavailable  funds  '',  thejuror  s  said.``  failure  todothis  willcontinueto  place  a  dis  proportionate  burden  ''  on  fulton  taxpayers  .  thejury  also  comment  edonthe  fulton  ordinary's  court  whichhasbeen  underfire  forits  practices  inthe  appointmentof  apprais  ers,  guardian  sand  administrator  sand  the  a  ward  ingoff  e  esand  compensation  .  wards  protected  thejurysaid  i  t  found  thecourt  ``  has  incorporated  intoits  operating  procedures  the  recommendations  ''  oftwo  previous  grand  jur  ies,the  atlanta  b  a  r  association  and  aninter  i  m  citizens  committee.``the  s  eactions  should  serve  toprotect  infact  and  ineffect  thecourt's  ward  sfrom  und  u  ecosts  andits  appointed  and  elected  servants  from  u  n  meri  torious  criticism  s'',  thejury  said.  regarding  atlanta'snew  multi-  million  -  dollar  airport,thejury  recommended  ``  thatwhen  thenew  management  take  scharge  jan.1  theairport  be  operated  inamanner  thatwill  eliminate  political  influence  s''.  thejury  didnot  elaborate  ,butit  added  that  ``  thereshould  be  periodic  surveillance  ofthepr  ic  ing  practices  ofthe  concessionaires  forthepurposeof  keepingthe  prices  reasonable  ''.  ask  jail  deputies  o  nother  matters,thejury  recommended  that  :(1)  four  additional  deputies  beemployed  atthe  fultoncounty  jail  and  ``  a  doctor,  medical  intern  o  r  extern  beemployed  for  n  ightand  weekend  duty  atthe  jail  ''.  (2)  fulton  legislators  ``  workwith  city  officials  topass  enabling  legislation  thatwill  permit  theestablishmentof  a  fairandequitable  ''  pensionplan  for  city  employe  s.  thejury  praised  theadministration  and  operationofthe  atlanta  polic  edepartment,the  fulton  tax  commissioner  'soffice  ,  thebell  w  oodand  alpha  r  et  t  a  prison  farm  s,  grad  y  hospital  and  the  fulton  health  department  .  mayor  williamb  .  hartsfield  filed  suit  for  divorce  from  hiswife,  pear  l  williams  hartsfield  ,in  fulton  superiorcourt  friday  .his  petition  charged  mental  cruelty.the  couple  wasmarried  aug.  2,  1913  .theyhave  ason,  william  berryjr.,  and  a  daughter,mrs.j.m.  ches  h  i  reof  griffin  .  attorney  sforthe  mayor  said  that  a  namic  ableproperty  settlement  hasbeen  agreedupon.the  petition  listed  themayor's  occupation  as  ``  attorney  ''  andhis  age  as  71  .it  listed  hiswife's  age  as  74  and  place  ofbirth  asope  lik  a  ,al  a  .  .the  petition  said  thatthe  couple  hasnot  lived  together  asman  andwife  formorethan  a  year.the  hartsfield  home  i  s  at  6  37  e  .pelhamrd  .  aj.  henryl.bowden  was  list  edonthe  petition  a  s  themayor's  attorney  .  hartsfield  hasbeen  mayor  ofatlanta  ,with  exceptionof  on  e  brief  interlude  ,since  1937  .  hispolitical  career  goesbackto  his  election  t  o  citycouncil  in192  3.  themayor's  present  term  of  office  exp  i  res  jan.1  .he  willbe  succeeded  by  iv  an  allenjr.,  whobecame  a  candidate  inthe  sept.  13  primary  after  mayor  hartsfield  announced  that  hewouldnot  r  unfor  r  eelection  .  georgia  republicans  aregetting  strong  encouragement  toenter  a  candidate  inthe  1962  governor's  r  ace,a  top  official  said  wednesday  .roberts  n  od  grass,  stategop  chairman  ,said  a  meeting  held  tuesdaynight  in  blueridge  brought  enthusiastic  responses  fromthe  audience.  state  party  chairman  jamesw  .  dorse  y  added  that  enthusiasm  was  pickingup  fora  state  r  allyto  beheld  sept.  8  insavanna  hatwhich  newly  elected  texas  s  en  .john  t  ower  willbethe  featured  speaker  .inthe  blueridge  meeting  ,  theaudience  wasw  arned  that  entering  a  candidatefor  governor  would  force  i  t  totake  petition  s  outinto  voting  precinct  s  toobtain  thesign  aturesof  registered  voters  .despitethe  warning,therewasa  unanimous  vote  toenter  a  candidate  ,accordingto  republicans  whoattend  ed.when  thecrowdwasasked  whetherit  wanted  to  wait  onemore  term  tomakethe  r  ace,it  voted  n  o  --and  therewereno  dis  s  ents.  thelargest  h  urd  l  e  therepublican  s  wouldhaveto  face  i  s  a  statelaw  which  saysthat  before  makinga  first  race,  oneoft  w  o  alternative  courses  mustbetaken  :1  five  percentofthe  voters  ineach  county  must  sign  petition  s  request  ingthatthe  republicans  beallowed  to  place  namesof  candidates  on  thegeneral  election  ballot  ,or  2  therepublican  smust  hold  a  primary  underthe  county  unit  system  --a  systemwhich  theparty  oppose  sinits  platform  .sam  cal  d  well,  state  high  way  department  publicrelations  director,  r  esigned  tuesday  towork  forlt.gov.garland  byrd's  campaign  .  cal  d  well's  resignation  had  been  expected  forsometime  .he  willbe  succeeded  by  roble  dfor  dof  gain  e  s  ville,  whohasbeen  an  assistant  morethanthreeyears.whenthe  gubernatorial  campaign  start  s,  caldwell  isexpected  to  becomea  campaign  coordinat  orfor  by  r  d.the  georgia  legislature  will  windup  its  1961  session  monday  andhead  forhome  --  where  someofthe  high  way  b  ondmoney  i  t  approved  will  follow  shortly  .before  ad  journment  monday  afternoon,  thesenate  isexpected  to  approve  a  studyof  thenumberof  legislators  allotted  tor  uraland  urbanareas  todetermine  what  ad  justment  sshould  be  made.  gov.vandiver  isexpected  to  make  thetraditional  visitto  both  chamber  sasthey  work  toward  ad  journment  .vandiver  likely  will  mention  the  $10  0million  high  way  bondissue  approved  earlier  inthes  essiona  s  hisfirst  priority  i  tem.  construction  bonds  mean  while,  itwas  learned  thestate  high  way  department  isvery  near  being  readyto  issue  thefirst  $30  million  worthof  high  way  r  econstruction  bonds.  the  bondissue  will  gotothe  statecourt  sfora  friendly  t  est  suit  t  otest  thevalidityof  theact  ,and  then  thesales  willbegi  n  and  contracts  l  e  t  for  repair  workon  someof  georgia's  most  heavily  traveled  high  ways  .  a  high  way  department  source  said  the  realso  i  s  a  plan  there  t  o  issue  some  $3  millionto  $4  million  worthof  ruralroads  authority  bonds  for  ruralroad  construction  work.  are  volving  fund  thedepartment  apparently  intend  s  tomakethe  ruralroads  authority  are  volving  fund  underwhich  new  bonds  would  be  issued  everytime  a  portionofthe  oldon  esare  paid  offby  tax  authorities  .vandiver  openedhis  r  acefor  governor  in1958  witha  battle  in  thelegislature  againstthe  issuanceof  $50  million  worthof  additional  ruralroads  bonds  propos  ed  bythe  n  gov.marvingriffin.the  high  way  department  source  told  the  constitution  ,however,that  vandiver  hasnotbeen  consulted  y  e  t  aboutthe  plansto  issue  thenew  ruralroads  bonds.sch  l  e  y  county  rep.b.d  .pelham  will  offer  a  resolution  monday  inthehouse  tores  c  ind  the  body's  actionof  friday  in  voting  itself  a  $10  perday  increasein  expense  allowances  .pelham  said  sundaynight  therewas  research  beingdone  on  whetherthe  ``  quick  i  e  ''  vote  onthe  increase  can  be  repea  ledout  right  orwhether  notice  wouldhaveto  first  begiven  that  reconsider  ationofthe  action  would  bes  ought.while  emphasiz  ingthat  technical  details  werenot  fully  workedout  ,  pel  h  am  said  his  resolution  wouldseek  t  o  setaside  theprivilege  resolution  which  thehouse  v  o  t  ed  through  87  -  31.  asimilar  resolution  passed  in  thesenate  bya  vote  of  29  -  5.  a  sof  sundaynight,therewasno  wordof  a  resolution  being  offered  there  tores  c  ind  the  action  .pelham  pointedoutthat  georgia  voters  last  november  rejected  a  constitutional  amendment  toallow  legislators  tovote  onpay  raise  s  forfuture  legislature  sessions  .  a  veteran  jackson  county  legislator  will  ask  thegeorgia  house  monday  tob  